feat: init wizard v2 improvements (#25)
algorandfoundation/algokit-react-frontend-template: CONTRIBUTING.md

# AlgoKit Official Template for contributors

> This repository is a template for creating new AlgoKit projects. It includes a basic structure for creating a beaker based smart contract project.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This repository is a template for creating new AlgoKit projects. It includes a basic structure for creating a front end project.
```

## Pre-requisites

`poetry install` - Install the dependencies for the project.

## Testing

```bash
poetry run pytest
```

This will regenerate the tests for default `starter` and `production` presets as well as default tests for `generators` available on the template.

## Development

```bash
poetry run copier copy . .playground/{some_dummy_folder_name} --vcs-ref=HEAD --trust
```

To generate a dummy project into the `.playground` folder. This is useful for testing the template to quickly preview the output of the template before testing via `pytest`.

## Contributing

### Commits

We are using the [Conventional Commits](https://www.conventionalcommits.org/en/v1.0.0/#summary) standard for commit messages. This allows us to automatically generate release notes and version numbers. We do this via [Python Semantic Release](https://python-semantic-release.readthedocs.io/en/latest/) and [GitHub actions](.github/workflows/cd.yaml).

### Guiding Principles

> AlgoKit development is done within the [AlgoKit Guiding Principles](./docs/algokit.md#guiding-principles).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
AlgoKit development is done within the [AlgoKit Guiding Principles](https://github.com/algorandfoundation/algokit-cli/blob/main/docs/algokit.md#guiding-principles).
```
